docs: migrate TraceQL query examples to stable OTel HTTP semantic conventions (#7604)
grafana/tempo: docs/sources/tempo/traceql/construct-traceql-queries.md

To find traces with the `GET HTTP` method, your query could look like this:

```
{ span.http.request.method = "GET" }
```

{{< admonition type="note" >}}

> OpenTelemetry's HTTP semantic conventions have changed over time, and instrumentation libraries have adopted the stable attribute names at different paces.
> Tempo doesn't alias these names: `span.http.request.method` and `span.http.method` are distinct attributes, as are `span.http.response.status_code` and `span.http.status_code`.
> Depending on the version of the instrumentation that produced them, your traces may use the stable names (for example, `http.request.method` and `http.response.status_code`) or the legacy names (for example, `http.method` and `http.status_code`).
> Write your queries to match the attribute names present in your data.

Reviewer: I re-read the second sentence in the admonition and have trouble parsing it. Is this what you mean? 

```suggestion
OpenTelemetry's HTTP semantic conventions have changed over time, and instrumentation libraries adopted the stable attribute names at different paces.
Depending on the instrumentation that produced them, your traces might use the stable names (for example, `http.request.method` and `http.response.status_code`) or the older legacy names (for example, `http.method` and `http.status_code`).

Tempo stores whatever names your instrumentation emits and doesn't map the legacy names to the stable ones.
A query for `span.http.request.method` doesn't match spans that only have `span.http.method`. 
Write your queries to match the attribute names present in your data.
```

If you use TraceQL with regular expressions in your Grafana dashboards and you want the unanchored behavior, update the queries to use the unanchored version, such as { span.foo =~ "._bar._"}.

> For example, to find all traces where an `http.response.status_code` attribute in a span are greater than `400` but less than equal to `500`:

Reviewer 2: Either we change the description or the examples. The description sates less than equal and the example is less than
